Migrating the Load-balancing guides to Nomad (#6768)
hashicorp/nomad: website/source/guides/load-balancing/load-balancing.html.md

# Load Balancing

These guides have been migrated to [HashiCorp's Learn website].

> You can follow these links to specific guides at Learn:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow these links to find the specific guides on Learn:
```
